HTML Index (Main)
1. Create an header div with anchor for "View Highscores" 
2. Create a countdown timer inside header div
3. create an empty div to accept instructions, questions, high scores page on 2nd HTML file. Starts with header and a paragraph
4. create an empty div to accept a list of buttons
5. create button with text "start quiz"
6. create an empty div underneath div in #3 to display "Correct" or "Wrong"
7. creat a form/input with a submit button


HTML High scores
1. Div with header
2. Div with an ordered list of scores - could also just use a <br>
2. Add two buttons with link to first html and to clear out the scores.

CSS
1. Top left: view high scores
2. Top right: countdown timer
3. main quiz question div centered horizontally + vertically
4. buttons with rounded edges, color purple (if I choose)



JavaScript
1. When Start Quiz button is clicked, 
    1A. start countdown timer from 75 seconds
    1B. clear instructions
    1C. Add in first question from a question array?
2. When an answer button is clicked:
    2A. check if it is the correct answer 
        2A-1: If yes, display "correct" for 2 seconds + go to the next question
        2A-2: If not correct, display "Wrong!" for 2 seconds and disappear + subtract 10 seconds from timer + go to the next question
    2B. Collect/store # of right answers
2.5 If all questions are correct, display initial form + submit
3. If timer runs out stop it at 0 and:
    3A. Display score 
    3B. Display an input form to input initials
    4B. Display button to submit initials
4. After submit button is clicked: 
    4A. Link to 2nd HTML High Score Page w/ local storage - 2 buttons: "Go Back" and "Clear highscores"
    4B. If go back is clicked, go back to the first html page to restart the test
    4C. If Clear  high scores is clicked, erase all 
5. localStorage
    1. get a variable for the timeDown at the end
    2. get a variable for the user input from the form
    3. save both items into an array to be used for local storage
    4. run a loop so that everytime the submit button is clicked, the current timeDown and user input are stored as a new object in the array.
     -- render this in localStorage to check if worked -- 
    5. take that local storage and everytime the button is clicked, stringify the values and into 1 string and insert as a new li with a loop.
    append that li to the ol tag in hsindex.html        
var initials = document.getElementById("myInput").value;




